# 作文开头



## 2.

好： xxx  exerts  salutary  impacts    ===    is tremendously benificial

坏： xxx  imposes adverse impacts    ===  is detrimental/harmful 



```
第一句：(现在经常不需要写)
	1.With regard to ....... , viewpoints vary considerably/vastly/substaintially/enormously
	2.In the present age, whether ...  had sparked much debate.
	3.There has been much discussion revolving around the issue of ...
```

```
第二句:
	1.As far as I am concerned/From my perspective,
	/I am in line with the view/opinion/argument that ...
	/it is wise/advisable to do sth
	/the underlying reason is that xxx  + 好/坏
```













# 作文中间



## 经典结构



```
主旨句：There are a myriad of reasons[why]/methods/approaches【how】/题干的东西[what]

论证：First and foremost,/In the first place, the prime/key/major + reason/method/题干的东西 is .......
	 Furthermore/In addition,/On top of that,/Besides,  the second noteworthy + reason/method/题干的东西 is...
	 Last but not least,
	 
后续衔接： To elucidate,
小结句: 
```



```
不错的衔接：
	1.According to a recent onlie survey, xx are likely to be more confident and active if they .....
		根据一个在线网络调查， xx更可能 xxx 如果xx  do xx
	
	2.please keep in mind that 请记住
```

























# 作文结尾



```
引出句:In a nutshells,

陈述观点：In light of the aforesaid factors, we can conclued that ....
		From my perspective,I suggest that we should xxxx

强调作用： Only via this appraoch can we ......
```















# 句子

- it makes people more willing to listen to and understand each other`s viewpoints ,thereby better **achieving consensus**.
                    倾听，理解，达成共识
- **Team collaboration** can enhance the sence of responsibility and mutual support amone members,
  ensuring that work are completed on time and with high quality.









# 单词



- literally  : ==  really
- fascinated   :  very interested
-  :very good ;excellent





# 词组



1. **refine** your quality 提高你的品质
2. sufficient slpeep   充足的睡眠  sleep **deprivation** 睡眠不足
   improve work efficiency  提高工作效率 keep sb energetic 保持精气神  释放压力relieve the pressure
   poor time management is limiting 糟糕的时间管理限制了xx   effectively manage your time高效地管理你的时间
   set priorities 设置优先任务  
3. a solid fundation of basic knowledge 扎实的基础知识 
   advanced skils  高级技能  
4. maintain **curiosity**  /  satisfy xx curiosity  /  engage with the diverse world  好奇心与兴趣
5. team collaboration skills 团队协同能力
   Team collaboration can enhance the sence of responsibility and mutual support amone members,
   ensuring that work are completed on time and with high quality.



































# 示例作文



## 1.How to balance work and leisure



​	  In today's fast-paced world, achieving a balance between work and leisure is essential for maintaining both physical and psychological well-being, leading to a fulfilling life. **However,** it`s difficult for most of people to balance between the two.

​	There are a myriad of approaches to solve this problem. **First of all**, `we should` improve work efficiency to have more free time,**because** **only** via this approach can you have energy to chat and have meals with family and friends.**Therefore**, you should ensure sufficient slpeep to keep yourself energetic and concentrate on your work. **Second,** **to** relieve the pressure,`the key to achieve` this is effectively managing your time , setting priorities, and learning to say no to unnecessary tasks and requests.**Last but not least,** please keep in mind that if you work hard , you do not feel guilty about spending time on personal leisure, entertainment  is also  a part of life.

In a nutshell,	we reasonably reach the conclusion that balancing work and leisure is a challenging task,so we need to take it 
seriously and matser some correct and efficient methods. Only when we treat it more wisely and rationally can it bring trmendous benifits to our life. 





## 2.扎实的基础知识对于学习课程很重要



​	As is konwn to all,gaining a sound knowledge of the basics is of vital importance of students to master an academic subject.
As far as I`m concened, the underlying reason is that basic skills can exert salutary impacts.

​	There are a myriad of reasons.Firtst and foremost , the prime factor is that if students have a solid fundation of basic knowledge , they can enhance their study efficiency and gain a deep understanding.



## 3.孩子需要探索自由的世界

xxxxxx.As far as I am concerened, I am in line with the view that it`s wise to give your children more  time to explore and learn by their own.

There are a myriad of reasons **explaining this phenomenon**.First and foremost,the prime reason is that kids are always curoius 
about the world.When they have enough time and freedom,they can use imagine to do what they want. Please keep in mind that
maintaining curiosity is the key to a child`s development.Furthermore,the second noteworthy reason is that kids need space to refine their qulity.Only when they engage with the diverse world can they form their qulity better.On the contrary,according to a recent online survey, children are likely lack of confidence and very rely on their parents if they have less freedom to expore and learn by their own

In a nutshell , we should give freedom to our children and guide them to rely on themselves to solve problems.It is  an essential part of a child `s growth.



































































































































































































